CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

Contributing
============

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every
little bit helps, and credit will always be given.

You can contribute in many ways:

Types of Contributions
----------------------

### Report Bugs

Report bugs at https://github.com/allenai/alexafsm/issues.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

* Your operating system name and version.
* Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
* Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

### Fix Bugs

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug"
and "help wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Implement Features

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with "enhancement"
and "help wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Write Documentation

alexafsm could always use more documentation, whether as part of the
official alexafsm docs, in docstrings, or even on the web in blog posts,
articles, and such.

### Submit Feedback

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at https://github.com/allenai/alexafsm/issues.

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.
* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that contributions
  are welcome :)

Get Started!
------------

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `alexafsm` for local development.

1. Fork the `alexafsm` repo on GitHub.

2. Clone your fork locally:

        $ git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/alexafsm.git

3. Install your local copy into a virtualenv. Assuming you have virtualenvwrapper and Python 3 installed, this is how you set up your fork for local development:

        $ mkvirtualenv alexafsm
        $ cd alexafsm/
        $ python setup.py develop

4. Create a branch for local development:

        $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

   Now you can make your changes locally.

5. When you're done making changes, check that your changes pass flake8 and the tests, including testing other Python versions with tox:

        $ flake8 alexafsm tests
        $ python setup.py test or py.test
        $ tox

   To get flake8 and tox, just pip install them into your virtualenv.

6. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub:

        $ git add .
        $ git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
        $ git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

7. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

Pull Request Guidelines
-----------------------

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include tests.
2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated. Put
   your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add the
   feature to the list in README.md.
3. The pull request should work for Python 3.6, and for PyPy. Check
   https://travis-ci.org/allenai/alexafsm/pull_requests
   and make sure that the tests pass for all supported Python versions.

Tips
----

To run a subset of tests:

    $ py.test tests.test_alexafsm

Commit message:

Fix instructions for virtualenv setup in CONTRIBUTING.md
Fix the instructions for virtualenv setup in CONTRIBUTING.md. The
old instructions would lead most users to create a virtual env
with Python 2.7 since that's the system default. The new instructions
will guide contributers to create a virtualenv using Python 3.6.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

Contributing
============

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every
little bit helps, and credit will always be given.

You can contribute in many ways:

Types of Contributions
----------------------

### Report Bugs

Report bugs at https://github.com/allenai/alexafsm/issues.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

* Your operating system name and version.
* Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
* Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

### Fix Bugs

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug"
and "help wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Implement Features

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with "enhancement"
and "help wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Write Documentation

alexafsm could always use more documentation, whether as part of the
official alexafsm docs, in docstrings, or even on the web in blog posts,
articles, and such.

### Submit Feedback

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at https://github.com/allenai/alexafsm/issues.

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.
* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that contributions
  are welcome :)

Get Started!
------------

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `alexafsm` for local development.

1. Fork the `alexafsm` repo on GitHub.

2. Clone your fork locally:

        $ git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/alexafsm.git

3. Install your local copy into a virtualenv. Assuming you have
   virtualenvwrapper and Python 3.6 installed, this is how you set up
   your fork for local development on Mac or linux:

        $ mkvirtualenv alexafsm -p `which python3.6`
        $ cd alexafsm/
        $ python setup.py develop

   On other operating systems, replace ``which python3.6`` with the path
   to your Python 3.6 interpreter.

4. Create a branch for local development:

        $ git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

   Now you can make your changes locally.

5. When you're done making changes, check that your changes pass flake8 and the tests, including testing other Python versions with tox:

        $ flake8 alexafsm tests
        $ python setup.py test or py.test
        $ tox

   To get flake8 and tox, just pip install them into your virtualenv.

6. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub:

        $ git add .
        $ git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
        $ git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature

7. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

Pull Request Guidelines
-----------------------

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include tests.
2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated. Put
   your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add the
   feature to the list in README.md.
3. The pull request should work for Python 3.6, and for PyPy. Check
   https://travis-ci.org/allenai/alexafsm/pull_requests
   and make sure that the tests pass for all supported Python versions.

Tips
----

To run a subset of tests:

    $ py.test tests.test_alexafsm
